I want to build an automatic SMS forwarder application. This is an empty flutter application. Create 2 tabs in the home page. Bottom navigation is optional. The tabs are Results and Filters. In the Results tab, create a array of objects and render it as a list. Here are the items that should present in the list. 
Contact Name, Forwarded To, Message Content, Date & Time. Create a dummy array of 5 items and render it. The Filter tab should list all the filters created by the user. In the Filter tab, there should be a floating action button to add a new filter. Clicking on the FAB button, it should open a pop-up with 3 sections like wizards. The user should be able to go back and forth these sections using buttons. The first section should ask whom to forward the SMS to. It should ask the user to enter the phone number or select from contacts list. The user should be able to add as many contacts as he need. The sections should ask the user to add filter. There can be only 2 types of filter. 

    From whom the SMS is receivedThe text contained in the SMS. The user should be able to toggle case sensitiveness. 

The user should be able to add as many filters as he need. However for each filter the user can select either one of the filter types above. The 3rd sections should ask the user to select which SIM to use to forward the message. Clicking on Submit at the last section should save the filter (in device only). This filter should then show up in Filters tab and the user should be able to edit and delete it if needed. 